Hey, register, come and sit down.
Dad.
Hey.
Sign up, why are you beating your brother like this?
Dad, I don't know.
This bastard thinks of me as an idiot.
If you want a gold coin, you want to change my secretary.
I didn't hit him.
You don't have to be seen as an idiot.
You're always a fool.
Fengming, let Secretary Tieu and your brother it was my idea.
Her brother now runs the company.
Besides the lack of a capable person.
Secretary Shaw is appropriate.
It's my secretary anyway.
Having more ability is also my filial piety.
In addition, I am the eldest son of the Qin dynasty.
Even if I want to manage it, I can only manage it.
What does this have to do with him?
Fengmei is always sick.
This company manager 8
I'm okay.
I can manage the company well.
Dad, watch Phoenix.
Shut up.
You want to be beaten?
I'm talking to my father.
How is there room for you to intervene?
Son of a bitch.
Oh, Phoenix.
Even if you're cured.
No previous experience.
Then the director of the corporation would disagree.
Dad.
If not...
You put the investment company in his hands for me to take care of.
Waiting for me to give evidence.
I went back to headquarters.
I disagree.